docs: update the security policy (#45776)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/security.md

# freeCodeCamp.org's Security Policy

This document outlines our security policy for the codebases, platforms that we operate, and how to report vulnerabilities.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> [!NOTE]
> If you think you have found a vulnerability, **please report responsibly**. Do not create GitHub issues for security issues. Instead follow this guide.

### Guidelines

> We appreciate a responsible disclosure of vulnerabilities that might impact the integrity of our platforms and users. In interest of saving everyone time, we encourage you to report vulnerabilities with these in mind:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We appreciate a responsible disclosure of vulnerabilities that might impact the integrity of our platforms and users. In the interest of saving everyone time, we encourage you to report vulnerabilities with these in mind:
```

> We appreciate a responsible disclosure of vulnerabilities that might impact the integrity of our platforms and users. In the interest of saving everyone time, we encourage you to report vulnerabilities with these in mind:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We appreciate responsible disclosure of vulnerabilities that might impact the integrity of our platforms and users. In the interest of saving everyone's time, we encourage you to report vulnerabilities with these in mind:
```
Bit late, I know, but the 'a' doesn't belong here. Also `'s` is missing

Reviewer: Not sure about the `'s`.
